Updating text input, textarea, and select docs (#1136)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/form/select/partials/code/how-to-use.md

## How to use this component

!!! Info

**Examples have been simplified**

We omit the `name` and `ID` attributes in the examples since processing of the data is the responsibility of the product teams.
!!!

There are two ways to use the Select component:

- `Form::Select::Base` - the base component: just the `<select>` control.

> - `Form::Select::Field` - the field parent component: the `<select>` control, with label, helper text and error messaging (in a wrapping container).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Form::Select::Field` - the field parent component: the `<select>` control, with label, helper text, and error messaging (in a wrapping container).
```

> We recommend using the Field component because it provides built-in accessibility functionality. Use the Base component if needing to achieve custom layouts or have special use cases not covered by the Field component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using the Field component as it provides built-in accessibility functionality. Use the Base component if needing to achieve custom layouts or for special use cases not covered by the Field component.
```

{{! ================= }} {{! ===== FIELD ===== }} {{! ================= }}

### Form::Select::Field

The basic invocation requires a `Label`. This creates: 

> - a `<label>` element with a `for` attribute automatically associated with the select `ID` attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a `<label>` element with a `for` attribute automatically associated with the select `ID` attribute.
```
